To setup the Audio Survey Website as localhost, follow these steps:

1. Install Visual Studio Code
2. In VSCode, install the extension "Live Server". (The Extension menu can be found on the left edge of the screen)
3. Open the website_audio_input folder with VSCode
4. Install Node.js. If you use the windows installer at https://nodejs.org/en/download, you can leave all options in the installation wizard at their default.
   The versions I successfully used were v26.7.0 and v24.20.0. The dependencies I used should not be that version-sensible.
   If node -v and npm -v return versions, you can proceed. (You may need to restart VSCode for it to recognize the new commands)
   (Use the command prompt, not powershell, which can be done down at the terminal with the arrow next to the +)
5. Install the dependencies: npm install in the VSCode Terminal command prompt will install the dependencies listed in package.json
6. In the VSCode terminal command prompt, node server.js will have the backend run at http://localhost:5000/.
   Keep it running while submitting the audio!
7. Rightclick on index_audio_input.html and click on "Open with Live Server". This should open the website in a browser.

On the index page, you will be asked to enter some data before you can proceed to the Survey link.

!!!A new user Id is given when new data is submitted on the index page, so please return to the Index page between each participant
and have them enter and submit their data here!!!

After submitting the answers (as many as the participants want, but please roughly the same amount for clean and dirty audio samples),
please check if the following are in the folder:

1. participant_data.jsonl containing the data given on the first page
2. clean_audio_results.csv
3. dirty_audio_results.csv

These are appended on for all participants, so even after multiple participants, there will only be one of these files each.

These are also the files that I then need back after all participants are done.
Thanks for helping with the survey!